[Music]
the sony alpha 8 900 comes at a twenty
four point six million full-frame CMOS
sensor iso sensitivity from two hundred
to three thousand two hundred expandable
from 100 to 6400 a nine point autofocus
system with 10 assists points continuous
shooting up to five frames per second it
also comes in a three inch extra fine
LCD with 920 1.16 pixels they also comes
with internal image stabilization hood
steady shot as well as dual BIOS
processor and dual cut slots for one CF
type card or a memory stick pro duo or
pro HD do the Sony - 900 comes with
instruction menu software CD remote
control wycliffe for the remote
commander which is optional video cable
USB cable battery charger rechargeable
battery power cord neck strap and of
course
the sony alpha a 9mm picking up the sony
alpha 8 900 the first impressions that
is fairly light it's only 850 grams
that's anything less than the Nikon d700
which is about 995 groups looking at it
you can see first of all the top up
display is significant smaller than any
other DSLRs that we've come in touch
with the buttons are so different
you have dedicated exposure value button
drive button light up for the top of
display white balance ISO button shadow
of course front commander real commander
hold out on the sows a very simple motel
in comparison suti some of the others
DSLRs you have the bottommost to make
sure that even though this camera has
lot of Pro functions is still very
friendly to the beginners program mode
temperature shutter menu 3 custom
settings on/off button jog dial super
steady shot which is built-in on and off
manually there many buttons
similar to the other Alfa models menu
display me and playback your exposure
selection and auto lock here you have
the pretty creative mode button which
allows you to select the different
creative modes and of course a function
button for quick access
look at some of the connections here on
the back we have the new HDMI connection
as a USB of video hub up top we have a
connection for the wired remote
commander and below that we have the DC
in
the aina had also has a billion IP so
cheddar and of course the eye detection
disabled the LCD display it also has two
memory card slots one for CF and one for
your memory stick Pro or HG do and the
bottom obviously has the battery
compartment at the front we have the
flash connection as well as the
selection for focusing
[Music]
looking at the top of display we can see
when we autofocus the shutter speed as
well as the aperture as well as number
of shots and the power remaining not as
comprehensive as some of the other top
of displays but it's sufficient for the
needs add to that fact that all these
direct button give you the option to
change at the top or at the bottom
either with the front or rear dial or
with the job down in the back it's very
easy to customize how your change your
settings to your liking ISO button drive
button white balance creative mode of
course pressing the function button here
allows you to have the same access to
these as well including flash as well
the quality of images here we have zebra
which is actually RAW files but
compressed to about 60% of the size
super steady shot will be controlled
on/off here the screen of cost tilts
with movement and by pressing display
second time you actually can get a
simplified display if you don't need to
see so many settings pressing displays
twice and games roll you through and
simplify off
and complete again accessing the drive
mode we can see that there's a rather
comprehensive selection in a 900 with a
standard single shot continuous shooting
timer
there's also bracketing continuous
bracketing single bracketing white
balance bracketing with dynamic range
mirror lock-up for those fireworks shots
where you want to avoid any extra
vibration for complete stillness remote
commander back to single shot in
continuous shooting de nanã can reach a
maximum 5 frames per second it's
important to note that while reading you
would not be able to take any pictures
until the buffer is cleared up taking
pictures only in fine JPEG the right
time is short but in RAW the town be
much longer and then the function worth
talking about
on the n900 is the intelligent preview
function you actually have two
selections here you can have the
intelligent preview or you can have the
optical preview so I think intelligent
preview you can access the function by
pressing the integer preview button here
so by Framing a shot and then pressing
the tangent preview button the image is
collected as a preview this cannot be
saved you need to take another shot to
say that
you can play with the settings to give
you a better idea what sex you should be
using for your shot how about changing
these we can take a second shot and we
can see the difference
[Music]